#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   openai
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.1.1
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.5.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.2.1
    # via weaviate-client
backoff==2.2.1
    # via posthog
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via chromadb
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via unstructured
blinker==1.6.2
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via streamlit
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   pulsar-client
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
chroma-hnswlib==0.7.3
    # via chromadb
chromadb==0.4.13
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
cryptography==41.0.4
    # via authlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   unstructured
emoji==2.8.0
    # via unstructured
fastapi==0.103.2
    # via chromadb
filelock==3.12.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via onnxruntime
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.9.2
    # via huggingface-hub
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.37
    # via streamlit
greenlet==2.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
httptools==0.6.0
    # via uvicorn
huggingface-hub==0.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via streamlit
importlib-resources==6.1.0
    # via chromadb
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.19.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.0.305
    # via -r requirements.in
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.0.41
    # via langchain
lxml==4.9.3
    # via unstructured
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
monotonic==1.6
    # via posthog
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   unstructured
numexpr==2.8.7
    # via langchain
numpy==1.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   chroma-hnswlib
    #   chromadb
    #   langchain
    #   numexpr
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
onnxruntime==1.16.0
    # via chromadb
openai==0.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
overrides==7.4.0
    # via chromadb
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   marshmallow
    #   onnxruntime
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
pillow==10.0.1
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   torchvision
posthog==3.0.2
    # via chromadb
protobuf==4.24.3
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   streamlit
pulsar-client==3.3.0
    # via chromadb
pyarrow==13.0.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.4.2
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.10.1
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.8.1b0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.16.1
    # via rich
pypika==0.48.9
    # via chromadb
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   posthog
    #   streamlit
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
python-iso639==2023.6.15
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.8.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   posthog
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   weaviate-client
rich==13.6.0
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.3.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.3.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.11.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via sentence-transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   posthog
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.21
    # via langchain
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
streamlit==1.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.15.2
    # via sentence-transformers
tornado==6.3.3
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.33.3
    # via sentence-transformers
typer==0.9.0
    # via chromadb
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   chromadb
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.0.1
    # via streamlit
unstructured==0.10.18
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.0.5
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.23.2
    # via chromadb
uvloop==0.17.0
    # via uvicorn
validators==0.22.0
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   weaviate-client
watchfiles==0.20.0
    # via uvicorn
weaviate-client==3.24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==11.0.3
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
